It was really nice of Maria
to invite me in service.
But I already have plans with Sarah.
We have similar service schedules,
and we really enjoy working together.
I try to get most of my time
during the week, . . .
Anyone made plans to work together?
. . . though I do meet with the group
sometimes on Saturday.
Sister Martin,
can you work with Rachel today?
Thanks, everyone.
Anyone made plans to work together?
OK.
Joanna, you can work with Sarah.
Anyone made plans to work together?
Sarah, do you want to go with me
to a Bible study?
Could I work with Alisha?
Uh-huh.
OK, let’s work together.
Joanna, could you two work together, please?
Um, I’d love to.
But I’ve just arranged to work with Sarah.
I’m so sorry.
Uh-huh.
No problem.
Maria, could you work with this sister?
While doing my Bible reading that night,
I was really affected
by the words found
at 2 Corinthians 6:12, 13:
“You are restricted
in your own tender affections . . .
Open your hearts wide.”
It struck me that some in the congregation
missed out on a beautiful blessing
by drawing away from the apostle Paul.
I realized I was limiting my joy as well
by not working with more in the ministry.
I was going through the motions
of pioneering,
but I was stuck in the same routine.
How are you, Maria?
Good. And you?
Let me ask you something.
Could you join me on a Bible study Saturday?
Oh, I’d love that! Uh-huh.
That’s great.
So later we’ll make the arrangements. OK?
The meeting is starting.
We’d like to invite everyone
to take your seats
because our meeting is about to begin.
My student liked Maria and Isabelle so much.
I really learned a lot from them.
I started going out regularly
on the weekends . . .
Anyone made plans to work together?
. . . and working with different ones
in the ministry.
And I learned more about Sister Martin
after one day in the ministry
than I had in years
of seeing her at meetings.
Sarah and I still enjoy working together.
But I’ve found that by working
with a variety of friends,
my own joy has increased.
I’m so glad I ‘opened my heart wide.’